alright Baron here with a little
tutorial on how to land on a carrier now
I'm going to be super cereal about this
first pick an enemy carrier it's always
better when they're shooting at you
second pick preferably the last carrier
on the map so that your allies will
probably be trying to bomb it third make
sure to completely watch your approach
this helps with step for step four crash
on the enemy carrier so you can't take
back off fifth make sure your allies are
bombing it at the time you land on it so
that when they knock out the enemy
carrier you die as well losing them some
lions thank you this concludes the
tutorial on how to land on a carrier now
you may also be wondering Baron how am I
supposed to land an amphibious plane one
with floats on the bottom on well first
off kill your teammate second kill an
enemy plane third make sure your engine
is out so you can't keep flying now
fourth just make sure you go very slow
do a lot of crazy maneuvers that will
only work in arcade mode and not any of
the other modes because you don't really
know what you're doing now fifth make
sure to aim for trees it's always good
to try to land near trees and finally
drop your speed below 100 and make a
nice soft landing thank you I'm barren
and I hope these landing tutorials will
greatly help your war thunder experience
thanks for watching got a
amphibious 0 here and he is down so
these destroyers are much better at
hitting view than they used to be which
is rather frustrating he's on fire you
should be taken down momentarily now we
want to get out of here hopefully our
friend there's hey buddy Isaac just flew
by